[Music]
stay huh
Haman's Ponce if you find this recording
don't feel better about this part of the
journey use the end
[Music]
just for the record being adrift in
space with zero promise of rescuers more
fun that sounds food water ran out four
days ago
oxygen I'll run out tomorrow morning
I've been when I drift off I will dream
that you
it's how I see you
[Music]
danos did exactly what he said he was
gonna do
he wiped out 50% of all living creatures
we lost all of us
lost friends you lost family
you lost a part of ourselves
this is the fight of our lives this is
gonna work steed I know it is cuz I
don't know what I'm gonna do if it
doesn't
hi is anyone home this is Scott Lang we
met a few years ago at the airport in
Germany got really big is just an old
message I know you know that's that's me
can you buzz me in so scrolls are the
bad guys
and you're a tree a race of noble boys
heroes noble warrior heroes
[Music]
your life began the day it nearly ended
we found you with no memory we made you
one of us so you could live longer
stronger superior
you were reborn
I keep having these
memories something in my past is the key
to all of this
you know how to fly this thing you'll
see
that's a yes or no question yes
[Music]
would you like to know
what you really are
I think I had a life here
what are you telling me
you've come a long way
but you know as strong as you think
[Music]
the slaw is just the beginning
I'm not going to fight your war
[Music]
I'm gonna end it
aren't you the cutest love thing aren't
you
yeah what's your name
[Music]
Who am I
you are a gift
[Music]
I know it's been difficult for you they
make you feel different from other kids
[Music]
you are different
after you dad I got married we braid her
baby for so long
[Music]
we believe that you came here for a
reason he was in the barn did he find it
no he was like he was drawn
they may look like us
he's now workers
[Music]
Aleta run
my god rip that plea
watch our toy
[Music]
rise and shine breakfast is ready in ten
minutes and don't make me come back up
there this is our town
it's a close-knit community the kind of
place where everyone knows everyone
hi mister hey who are you girls and
we're always there for each other
nice sermon pastor well you guys have on
for the rest today well John has a
basketball game yeah I've seen this guy
boop it up around here this kid is so
rich text your mom tomorrow until I win
and where to pick you up
don't do anything stupid we're training
for the Olympics sir Sydney
he's been underwater for more than 15
minutes it's gonna be a recovery little
rescue you've done everything medically
possible there's nothing more what you
do please God send their spirit there's
a massage
[Music]
a fourteen-year-old st. Charles boy who
spent 15 minutes trapped underwater is
continuing to fight for his lady
I don't believe John will survive the
night you don't know my son he is a
fighter so I need you to be the best for
a job and you just let God do the rest
you are my pride and joy I can't wait to
see you because baskets and run up and
down again the Smith family asked for
one thing please pray for John in the
water that day I was ready to give up
but then I hear this voice is telling me
go back there are nuts or God's talking
to you but I don't believe in God I
believe but maybe that only goes so far
something like this I'm your pastor I'm
supposed to walk alongside you even for
as long as it takes
did you see the Facebook page going
viral
Tommy hope is gonna be okay we're not
gonna get through this alone whatever
you have for me
[Music]
cleaning her destiny no cousin Mary has
returned to take up her throne made her
powerful she is only your queen if I
should not produce an heir claiming her
crown we bring an heir to Scotland and
to England made her a threat Mary is our
foe
she is formidable so put your skills to
use experience the epic clash of queens
rise and prepare yourself Elizabeth has
funded a rebellion that changed the
course of history
we said the day would come that day has
come
now critics are talking about Mary Queen
of Scots
four stars
Time magazine raves he's suspenseful
thrilling wicked and intoxicating
saoirse ronan is phenomenal margot
robbie is fearless no bravery your gifts
are your downfall Mary Queen of Scots
radar
[Music]